hello baby
let's play an interesting game with you
watch it red dump truck and here
green and this is a little blue dump truck
colors let's hide them
and you remember where the red dump truck
here he is let's swap them
Watch attentively
and where is the red dump truck now?
let's see here
not this green dump truck
where's the red
here is a blue dump truck
and here is a red fellow let's load
gravel dump trucks red green and blue
I wonder who will bring the first gravel
setting
this is a real truck race
what happened cool dump truck
has stopped
why oh
here is a big pit on the road what to do
so no one gets into an accident red
dump shell fill it
and gravel went to catch up with the rest
do not worry that you came empty
you did a good deed repaired the road
We went over the gravel again all together